the complete story for ground zeroes is
coming out next week and so was the rest
of our ezio storyline but I'm pretty
sure most of you guys are wondering what
did infected crow the eligible monster
think after that nerdgasm that we had in
the montage for the record that nerdgasm
was 100% real I really was so excited I
couldn't move well my journey through
metal gear solid ground zeroes was an
interesting one as a self-proclaimed
Metal Gear Solid superfan I went into
this one hundred percent biased that
this had to be good if you were to watch
our live stream or watch the nerdgasm
that I had in our montage you'd see that
I went into this one hundred percent
ready for the epicness that I was
expecting the graphics are amazing the
gameplay is superb and honestly I didn't
mind q4 sunderland a snake I mean I
missed David Hayter but I could deal
with this as incredible as all of this
is there isn't much to say honestly the
gameplay itself has to be one of the
most incredible games I've ever played
seriously the graphics are insane that
the stealth mechanics actually make you
feel like you're sneaking around the
guns all feel unique and the guards are
actually intelligent though they do
appear to be a tad bit short-sighted and
this is where my love for the game ends
as for the story nothing is honestly
revealed that's groundbreaking no plot
is revealed as in oh my god what's going
on nope it's too short for that and this
is the complaint that most people have
with it it's short like really really
short it feels like the tanker demo from
Metal Gear Solid 2 when we started it
was about 60 minutes from start to
finish with two failures then I went
back and I screwed around and I got
about another 20 minutes in then I went
back and did all the collectibles and
that took about 45 minutes and then
there's about five side missions each
lasting about 15 minutes the problem is
all of this was on the same map the same
characters the same everything I just
had a new objective it looks like this
is more of a tech demo as to what
phantom pain is going to be than an
actual game in itself so you all wanted
my impressions after playing it finally
after all of my oh my god this is going
to suck videos well my opinion is mad if
I didn't play this I wouldn't
it's anything and that's my
recommendation to all of you the average
metal gear fan will get about one day of
use out of this game and that's about it
then you're gonna shelf it so it's your
call you're not missing anything but the
gameplay is really incredible I'm going
to be releasing the grounds there a
story for the complete story series
shortly so you'll see what I mean about
the story it's basically an extended
opening for phantom pain so far I think
the script only comes up to about four
minutes and that's with our usual intro
and outro so my reaction is man phantom
pain is going to be amazing but you're
not missing much from ground zeros
except for how amazing phantom pain is
going to be maybe we could have lumped
this into phantom pain and got phantom
pain six months earlier I don't know but
the gameplay is great I don't have
anything bad to say about key for
sunderland the story really isn't there
and it's way too short your call